The point of decorating, as far as I can tell, is to create the background for the best life you can have. 
Decoration can be life-enhancing. It can make dinner parties more fun, kids happier, relaxing easier, talks more intimate, guests at ease. And to think, decorating is often considered frivolous. Making a charmed and happy home is a noble endeavor.

The simple secret is making sure that every decorating decision contributes to the creation of beauty and comfort. Beauty to uplift our senses (to transcend the mundane) and comfort to make us feel taken care of (to embrace us in the mundane.)" -Deborah Needleman

----------------------------------
The way we decorate our home is our opportunity to create the kind of space we enjoy, and it says a lot about our personality. Are you an extrovert, arranging as many chairs as you can so you can bring all your people together or an introvert designing the perfect reading nook? Everything from your choice of colors to the number of throw pillows you put on the sofa is an opportunity to create an environment where you and your loved ones will thrive and to make your mark. You can create a calming space with simple color schemes, a cozy and inviting home with warm tomes, or a bright and lively entertaining area with bold patterns. 

----------------------------------

Your Home Can Be a Reflection of Your Personality
At Design Depot Furniture, we specialize in pieces from Europe. You can browse our site to find particular designers or collections that strike your fancy. That means it’s easy and fun to discover items that match your personality. When people come into your home, they pick up on aspects about it that show who you are and what matters to you.

Decorating your home lets you get involved in selecting the items that help you have an abode that’s truly yours. Then, you’ll love to return to it at the end of each day.

Decorating Your Home Can Be a Gradual Process
One of the things to keep in mind about home décor projects is that they don’t need to happen all at once. You can pick out products at your own pace and do it in a way that suits your budget.

Many people get into a tradition of buying a new piece each season or deciding they’ll buy another item of furniture to celebrate every birthday. By taking that approach, you decorate with purpose and focus on the meaning of each item.

Inspire Your Visitors With Décor Tips
Decorating your home is also an enjoyable way to spend your time if you consider that your house is a source of pride and know that you can’t wait to show it off to visitors. Some of the people who come over to see your newly decorated home may confess that they don’t know the first thing about interior design and would love it if you’d share some of your wisdom.

If that happens, you can feel good about passing on information to your friends that they can use. Be sure to remind them that home décor decisions are intensely personal, and there is no right or wrong way to go about the process.